### Giant Conversations Episode #09

**Topic** 



**Hosted by:** 

* [Oliver Thylmann](https://twitter.com/othylmann)
* [Tommy Hobin](https://twitter.com/tommyhobin)

**Starring:** [Liz Rice](https://twitter.com/lizrice)



------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Main topic: Interviewing Liz Rice

Questions:

1. How does it feel being a cloud native celebrity? 
2. What have you changed your mind about in the last few years related to technology, and why?
3. If you could have a gigantic billboard anywhere with anything on it — metaphorically speaking, getting a message out to millions or billions — what would it say and why?
4. How do you prioritize and manage your time effectively, given your numerous responsibilities and commitments?
5. What advice would you give to a smart, driven college student about to enter the "real world"? What advice should they ignore?
6. What is the book (or books) you've given most as a gift, and why? 
7. You're known for your ability to explain complex technical concepts in a clear and engaging way. What's your secret sauce for making topics accessible and entertaining for a wide audience?
8. What are some of the biggest wastes of time for novices in the cloud native ecosystem? What should they do instead?
9. What is one of the best or most worthwhile investments you've ever made in the tech industry? It could be an investment of money, time, energy, etc.
10. What are bad recommendations you hear in the cloud native world? What do you think should be recommended instead?
11. You've been involved in the tech industry for a long time. What has been the most surprising or unexpected development you've witnessed during your career?
12. In a rapidly evolving cloud native landscape, staying up-to-date can be a challenge. How do you approach staying informed?
13. If you could create a new CNCF project to solve any problem in the cloud native space, what would it be and why?
14. When you're feeling unfocused or stuck on a complex problem, what do you do to get back on track? Do you have any specific processes or techniques?

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Swarmalicious News 

- [Our VP Product Puja was interviewed by Alex Williams from The New Stack discussing our support for Flux](https://thenewstack.io/how-giant-swarm-is-helping-to-support-the-future-of-flux/)
- [Fritz!Box devices using custom DNS resolution services like Pihole or Adguard might have been compromised by DNS hijacking and using those Fritz!Box devices might be unsafe, especially for Windows users.](https://crapts.org/2024/04/21/all-fritz-box-modems-have-been-hijacked/)
- [IBM's $6.4 billion acquisition of HashiCorp presents both opportunities and challenges.](https://medium.com/@fintanr/on-ibm-acquiring-hashicorp-c9c73a40d20c) The deal could strengthen IBM's cloud and automation capabilities, but the impact on HashiCorp's open source projects like Terraform and its positioning within IBM will be key factors to watch. 
- [The Kubernetes Resource Model (KRM) has proven to be a powerful design decision, enabling generic tooling and reducing the effort required to manage diverse resource types.](https://medium.com/@bgrant0607/on-using-the-kubernetes-resource-model-for-declarative-configuration-a5dd11b99546) By using the same format for at-rest serialization and API communication, KRM allows resources to be self-describing, facilitating various management tasks and automation scenarios.
  


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


