
### Giant Conversations Episode #08

**Topic** 



**Hosted by:** 

* [Oliver Thylmann](https://twitter.com/othylmann)
* [Tommy Hobin](https://twitter.com/tommyhobin)

**Starring:** [Cortney Nickerson](https://twitter.com/TechTalkingMom)



------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Main topic

**Theme:** Corporations and Open Source:
- How should corporations approach and engage with open source projects?
- What are the benefits and challenges for corporations when getting involved in open source?

**Theme:** Open Source as a Business Model:
- Can open source be a sustainable business model for companies, especially those founded specifically for an open source project?

**Theme:** Role of Big Tech Companies:
- Do you think big tech companies should be the primary drivers of open source projects?
- How do the contributions and influence of big tech companies shape the open source ecosystem?
- Should we expect open source innovation to primarily come from big tech companies, or is there room for smaller players and community-driven projects?

**Theme:** Balancing Corporate Interests and Open Source Values:
- How can corporations strike a balance between their commercial interests and the values of the open source community?
- What are some best practices for corporations to engage with open source projects in a mutually beneficial way?
- How can corporations foster a culture of open source contribution and collaboration within their organizations?


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Swarmalicious News 


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

