
### Giant Conversations Episode #04

This episode scours the halls of KubeCon Paris to get answers to what everyone is talking about. From what best talks are, to which booth was the coolest to visit, down to how good the food was (yes, we went there - in Paris of all places).

**Hosted by:** 

* [Tommy Hobin](https://twitter.com/tommyhobin)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### News from #swarmalicious

- [Euro-cloud consortium CISPE calls for investigation of Broadcom](https://www.theregister.com/2024/03/21/cispe_vmware_broadcom_license_warning/) Lobby group CISPE – a collective representing Cloud Infrastructure Providers in Europe – has called for regulators to investigate VMware by Broadcom’s software licensing arrangements, claiming will bankrupt some of its members and hurt end-users. CISPE secretary general contended that Broadcom “is holding the sector to ransom by leveraging VMware’s dominance of the virtualization sector to enforce unfair license terms”. He called for Broadcom to be designated as a gatekeeper under Europe’s Digital Markets Act.
- [Spot Instance Availability Map](https://cast.ai/spot-availability-map/) This map displays real-time Spot instance interruptions, insufficient capacity events, and pricing across AWS, Azure, and GCP.
- [Looks like Buoyant are doubling down on their decision](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/wmorgan_announcing-linkerd-215-support-for-vm-workloads-activity-7175635441595899904-KQF2/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_ios) -- following the announcement from a few weeks ago that Bouyant would no longer be shipping stable release artifacts in open source and would instead focus its efforts on Buoyant Enterprise for Linkerd, Buoyant CEO, William Morgan posted an update on LinkedIn, and it’s looking like they are still happy with the decision they’ve made.
- [Redis is no longer open source](https://redis.com/blog/redis-adopts-dual-source-available-licensing/) All future versions of Redis will be released with source-available licenses. According to this blog post, in practice, nothing changes for the Redis developer community who will continue to have access to permissive licensing under the dual license; Redis will also continue to support its vast partner ecosystem – including managed service providers and system integrators. It really means that you can't provide a managed service or Redis, like cloud providers do, without agreeing to a license.
- [How do lava lamps help with Internet encryption?](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/learning/ssl/lava-lamp-encryption/) Cloudflare translates photos of 100 lava lamps into random data for use in SSL encryption.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Main topic

* Interviews with attendees. Pick 2-3 of the following questions below:

### Selected Questions

**Srsly?**
- In your opinion what are the best subjects covered this year?
- Can successful open source projects only originate from organizations that don’t prioritize monetizing the project?
- Should cncf be harder on their requirements for projects that graduate?

**LOLZ**
- What's the coolest piece of swag or freebie you've picked up at the conference?
- If KubeCon had a theme song, what would it be and why? (one answer "it's raining men")
- What's the most memorable or funniest moment you've experienced at KubeCon so far?
- Which booth was the best visit and why?

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Interviewees

* Pini Reznik
* Courtney Nickerson
* Udo Seidel
* Engin Diri
* Frederic Branczyk
* Sebastian Sirch
* Marlo Ploemen
* Liam Woodleigh
* Shirley (from Grafana)
* Dominik Kress
* Ralf Dahmen
* Ivana Zivkovic

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Script

Script: ROUGH

TOP Questions answered:
- In your opinion what are the best subjects covered this year?
- Can successful open source projects only originate from organizations that don’t prioritize monetizing the project?
- What's the coolest piece of swag or freebie you've picked up at the conference?


**Intro:**
Just got back from KubeCon
12,000 attendees 
Great vibe
Fun parties
Beautiful city /French are FAR nicer than the stereotypes 

**KubeCon Discussions:**
We talked to a handful of people at Kubecon to get their take on a wide range of topics. Some we just grabbed from the crowd (KubeCon EU 2024_Introductions.wav).

We drafted a bunch of questions and asked them to answer the ones that they felt most comfortable covering. Questions like If KubeCon had a theme song what would it be (it's raining men), or what's the coolest piece of swag or freebie you've picked up at the conference?. We got a lot of mixed answers except for that last one (KubeCon EU 2024_Podcast Plushies).

Four main topics stood out to our audience:
- AI
- eBPF
- Web Assembly
- Sustainability
- Open Source Monitization

**AI 2 Clips**

Clip 1 Intro
1. (3. KubeCon EU 2024_AI Just do it.wav): Pini Reznik surprised AI is such a topic (they are saying "we just need to do it" and that is all)

Clip 2 Intro
2.  (4. KubeCon EU 2024_AI Gaps.wav): Udo Seidel would like to know more about the gaps between AI and Kubernetes

**eBPF 2 Clips**

Clip 1 Intro
1. (5. KubeCon EU 2024_eBPF.wav): Frederic Branczyk noticed a lot more tools associated with eBPF and the adoption has grown in 2023 - 2024

Clip 2 Intro
2. (6. KubeCon EU 2024_eBPF_Grafana.wav): Sandy from Grafanna Labs is facinated by eBPF

**Web Assembly**

Clip 1 Intro
1. (7. KubeCon EU 2024_WebAssembly_1.wav) Challenging the status quo at Kubecon

Clip 2 Intro
2. (8. KubeCon EU 2024_WebAssemply_2.wav) Basic functionality of Web Assembly

**Sustainability 1 Clip**

Clip 1 Intro 
1. (9. KubeCon EU 2024_Sustainability.wav): Pini Reznik was surprised that sustainability was not a big topic as it had been in the past.

**Monetizing Open Source 4 Clips**

Clip 1 Intro
1. (10. KubeCon EU 2024_Open Source Important Discussion.wav): Cortney believes we need to get with the times and hold this discussion. "It's not the 90's anymore"

Clip 2 Intro
2. (11. KubeCon EU 2024_Open Source_Managed Services.wav): Marlo discussus that he is not opposed to open source projects 

Clip 3 Intro
3. (12. KubeCon EU 2024_Open Source_Managed Services.wav): Marlo discussus that he is not opposed to open source projects

Clip 4 Intro
4. (13. KubeCon EU 2024_Open Source_Kubeshop.wav): Cortney talks about how the incubator she represents, Kubeshop helps open sources maintainers find a secondary project on top of what they are already building.

**Hidden Track 1 Clip**
Clip Intro: The word super-interesting comes up with chip sizes. Where the Apple M2 chip is 12 nanometers wide and claims that we are "pretty close" to the physical limits of our hardware. Frederic talks about this alongside how his company Polar Signals as well as Groq are tackling this difference, specifically when it comes to Inference. (14. KubeCon EU 2024_Inference.wav)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


### Bug of Week (from our Retrospectives)


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Social Topics

* 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

