
### Giant Conversations Episode #02 and date 

KubeCon is approaching quickly and we can't wait to represent 22+ deep.


**Hosted by:** 

* [Oliver Thylmann](https://twitter.com/othylmann)
* [Tommy Hobin](https://twitter.com/tommyhobin)

**Starring:** 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Main topic

* KubeCon
  
  * Kubecon — taking place between March 19th and March 22nd, in Paris
  * 21 Swarmies attending the conference
  * We’ll be at Booth K11 — the easier way to find us is to simply look for the booth with the cool, colorful graphics saying “Smarter Platform Engineering — creating environments for growth”
  * Swag at the booth? We’ll have cool t-shirts in different colors; cool stickers and raffle prizes that Tommy can talk about
  * How are our colleagues getting there? About half of the people are travelling by plane, another half travelling by train; Timo is coming by car
  * Accommodation: most of the Swarmies are staying in a hotel close to the venue; the Swarmies attending Cloud Native Rejekts prior to KubeCon, are staying in an AirBnB
  * Rejekts
    * Marcus Noble: talking about From Fragile to Resilient: ValidatingAdmissionPolicies Strengthen Kubernetes
    * Łukasz Piątkowski: No GitOps Pain, No Platform gain: Day 2 Challenges of Managing Kubernetes Fleets with GitOps
    * Marco Ebert: Ingress-Nginx and 2024 Plans. Talking at the Maintainer Track during KubeCon
  * KubeCon parties has it's own [website](https://conf.party/kubecon-eu-2024.html): Our Swarmies are also planning to check out some of the parties — here are the parties with the coolest names, happening during the event: _KubeTrain Party_, organised by the Cloud Native community; taking place at the Fitzroy restaurant; _Kuberoke Spring Party_, — a karaoke night taking place at KaraFun Bar; _House of Kube_ — the tagline for this party says: “Where platform engineering meets Berlin techno. Your golden ticket to the darkroom of DevOps.” - taking place at a secret location that will be announced soon.
  * What to do in Paris, what to watch out for (there are NO Cabs at night :))
    
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### News from #swarmalicious

- [Broadcom/VMware: If this isn't a case of pricing a customer out then I don't know what is](https://twitter.com/cioontherun/status/1760770717040115988)
 a current Broadcom VMware customer went from an $8M renewal to $100M. The employee reviews on Glassdoor say it all. “CEO admits he has no hobbies outside of work. Stock price only thing that matters.” 
- [Octopus Deploy acquires Codefresh to unite industry-leading Continuous Delivery, CI, and GitOps capabilities into a single, trusted enterprise platform](https://octopus.com/news/octopus-acquires-codefresh) The press release mentions that Octopus Deploy is now one of the largest privately held companies in the DevOps ecosystem, with impressive customer and revenue numbers. How do you think this acquisition positions them against other players in the CI/CD market?
- [New CNCF contribution view (seems to only count code contributions and is limited to Kubernetes project)](https://contribcard.clotributor.dev/) Marcus is in the lead at Giant Swarm (with over 121 contributions to 12 repositories) and with Jose behind him with 102 contributions to 11 repositories. 
- [England's strongest man rolls up frying pan with bare hands](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/av/uk-england-oxfordshire-68368582) If you think opening a pickle jar is impressive, wait until you see England's strongest man casually rolling up a frying pan like it's a tortilla.
- [Cloudflare open sources Pingora, its Rust-based HTTP proxy framework, to advance adoption of memory-safe infrastructure for a more secure Internet](https://blog.cloudflare.com/pingora-open-source) So, I heard Cloudflare just open sourced something called Pingora. It sounds like a new type of pasta, but apparently it's actually a big deal in the tech world! Can you break it down for me?
- [How the Pentagon Learned to Use Targeted Ads to Find Its Targets—and Vladimir Putin](https://www.wired.com/story/how-pentagon-learned-targeted-ads-to-find-targets-and-vladimir-putin/) It turns out that all those annoying targeted ads that follow you around the internet are collecting a ton of data about you, like your location, browsing habits, and more. And apparently, governments around the world are eagerly buying up this data to keep tabs on people.
- [After a decade of stops and starts, Apple kills its electric car project](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2024/02/after-a-decade-of-stops-and-starts-apple-kills-its-electric-car-project/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter) I remember when the first whispers of this started back in 2014. They called it 'Project Titan,' which sounds more like a superhero team-up than a car. I guess even tech giants can't resist a cool codename.
Anyway, the plan was to make this super luxurious, self-driving electric car with a price tag of at least $100,000. Because apparently, Apple looked at Tesla and thought, 'We can make it even more expensive!'
- [Master negotiator William Ury shares proven strategies for defusing conflicts and unlocking creative solutions based on his decades of experience in global hotspots.](https://tim.blog/2024/02/13/william-ury/) William Ury, the master negotiator, shares his secrets for resolving conflicts, which could come in handy the next time you're arguing with your partner about whose turn it is to do the dishes.
- [Alex Richardson update on Weaveworks and Flux](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/richardsonalexis_hi-everyone-i-am-very-sad-to-announce-activity-7171213301555666945-16RJ/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_android) As discussed last week, Weaveworks hit bad times, but the good news is that most of their team has already found new jobs, which is a testament to how talented they are. Now, Alexis is talking about transitioning Weaveworks from a company to more of a community focused around their open source projects, especially Flux. 
- [The continued support of FluxCD at GitLab](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2024/03/05/the-continued-support-of-fluxcd-at-gitlab/)
- [Akin to SBOM, Trivy Adds KBOM Vulnerability Scanning to K8s](https://thenewstack.io/akin-to-sbom-trivy-adds-kbom-vulnerability-scanning-to-k8s/)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### News from Giant Swarm

* Giant Mansions planning is happening again... where in the world will the Swarmies go? From Marrakesh to Barcelona and Vienna...
* Giant Swarm turns 10 in July! [Link to birthday tweets over the years...](https://twitter.com/search?q=%40giantswarm%20birthday&src=typed_query)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


### Bug of Week (from our Retrospectives)

Another recent one was with a customer that got a new management cluster because they needed it fully private from the public one before. We migrated the Workload Clusters with clusterctl, an upstream projects, a CLI to start clusters through CAPI but you can also move clusters. It worked well. But days later, when a new node joined the workload cluster, the encryption key (that K8s uses to encrypt secrets) that it used to get to (old) secrets didn't work. The reason is that clusterctl expect you to move the old encryption key to the new management cluster so that when the new workload cluster starts, the master gets that key and can still distribute further to new nodes but all the encryption aligns. As we did not move the encryption key to the management cluster, all old nodes were fine as they could get to  the secrets that are still in etcd (encrypted with the old one) but the new node got a totally diferent secret information. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Your P32/Social topics 

* 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



