### Giant Conversations Episode #18

**Topic** 

Meet Alexis Richardson

**Hosted by:** 

* [Oliver Thylmann](https://twitter.com/othylmann)
* [Tommy Hobin](https://twitter.com/tommyhobin)
* [Alexis Richardson](https://x.com/monadic)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Main topic: Interview 

- Let's start with you, where do you come from, what did you study and how did you end up in the K8s space? There is the saying: we stumbled upon our greatest successes, but you only stumble if you are walking? Did you just walk where you liked it or did you target something?
- You had a startup before WeaveWorks, what was it and what was your role?
- You then started WeaveWorks, what was the idea, what was it that the big VCs that invested believed in?
- When 
- How's your view on the future of open source changed over the years?
- You've been a thoughtful leader during your tenure, what's your advice to new leaders in tech? 
- If you had to put your day in percentages, what amount goes where?
- If you could take over kubernetes.io for a day. Clean slate, one page, to everyone in our ecosystem and add your your idea or message. AND everyone has to do "it" — what would be your message and why?

_Questions from Swarmies:_

- From Martin: Despite the early interest in gimlet-io/capacitor as a UI for flux, there hasn't been a commit to the repo in over 2 months leaving many to wonder if the project has been abandoned. With this in mind, and with all indications being that nobody else is currently looking at UIs for Flux beyond what we are doing with Backstage, where do you see the future being? Do you think a groundbreaking UI will hit the market or will the future lie in portals such as Backstage?
- From Puja: I think it'd be nice to talk about some of the bigger wins of Weaveworks, and also how it was like working closely with big cloud providers (e.g. eksctl that Weaveworks started became the standard EKS CLI and I know AWS took over the roadmap even while it was developed at weave, and both AWS and Azure were somehow also customers/partners, I'd be interested how those deals looked like and how hard it was to manage).
- From Lutz: It would be interesting to see him state where he sees K8s now and in the years to come and where he things value can be created and captured in the years to come.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


### Swarmalicious News 


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
