
### Giant Conversations Episode #10

**Topic** 

Open Source

**Hosted by:** 

* [Oliver Thylmann](https://twitter.com/othylmann)
* [Tommy Hobin](https://twitter.com/tommyhobin)

**Starring:** [Cortney Nickerson](https://twitter.com/TechTalkingMom)



------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Main topic

From KubeCon in Paris, we asked our guest this question:
_Can successful open source projects only originate from organizations that don’t prioritize monetizing the project?_

Cortney's answer resonated with us in the era of new Open Source Licensing, and we just had to have her on.

**Theme:** Corporations and Open Source:
- How should corporations approach and engage with open source projects?
- What are the benefits and challenges for corporations when getting involved in open source?

**Theme:** Open Source as a Business Model:
- Can open source be a sustainable business model for companies, especially those founded specifically for an open source project?

**Theme:** Role of Big Tech Companies:
- Do you think big tech companies should be the primary drivers of open source projects?
- How do the contributions and influence of big tech companies shape the open source ecosystem?
- Should we expect open source innovation to primarily come from big tech companies, or is there room for smaller players and community-driven projects?

**Theme:** Balancing Corporate Interests and Open Source Values:
- How can corporations strike a balance between their commercial interests and the values of the open source community?
- What are some best practices for corporations to engage with open source projects in a mutually beneficial way?
- How can corporations foster a culture of open source contribution and collaboration within their organizations?


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Swarmalicious News 

- [Our very own Joe Salisbury was featured as an industry expert in this article on the future of cloud native.](https://thenextweb.com/news/the-future-of-cloud-native-kubernetes)
-  [How an empty S3 bucket can make your AWS bill explode](https://medium.com/@maciej.pocwierz/how-an-empty-s3-bucket-can-make-your-aws-bill-explode-934a383cb8b1 ) Imagine you create an empty, private AWS S3 bucket in a region of your preference. What will your AWS bill be the next morning?
-  - [IBM's $6.4 billion acquisition of HashiCorp presents both opportunities and challenges.](https://medium.com/@fintanr/on-ibm-acquiring-hashicorp-c9c73a40d20c) The deal could strengthen IBM's cloud and automation capabilities, but the impact on HashiCorp's open source projects like Terraform and its positioning within IBM will be key factors to watch. 
- [The Kubernetes Resource Model (KRM) has proven to be a powerful design decision, enabling generic tooling and reducing the effort required to manage diverse resource types.](https://medium.com/@bgrant0607/on-using-the-kubernetes-resource-model-for-declarative-configuration-a5dd11b99546) By using the same format for at-rest serialization and API communication, KRM allows resources to be self-describing, facilitating various management tasks and automation scenarios.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

