### Giant Conversations Episode #34

## Goals [DELETE FOR DISTRIBUTION]: 
1. Get several :45 - :60 snippets with Manual explaining our IIoT offer or key challenges for potential customers
3. 

**Episode Date:** July 3, 2025

**Topic:**
Manufacturing IIoT

**Hosted by:** 

* [Oliver Thylmann](https://www.linkedin.com/in/thylmann/)
* [Tommy Hobin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tommy-hobin/)

**Special Guest:**

* [Manual Gawert](https://github.com/gawertm)

### Manufacturing IIoT - What is IIoT

Summary:
What exactly is IIoT, and how is it different from regular IoT?

Why should a traditional manufacturer care about adopting IIoT now?

Can you give an example of a real-world example of how our IIoT platform helps improve factory operations?

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Manufacturing IIoT - Delving In

What are the biggest challenges manufacturers face when trying to digitize their legacy infrastructure?

What's the "high-level" approach to scaling IIoT infrastructure across multiple facilities or geographic locations?

How do Kubernetes-native architecture benefit industrial customers compared to legacy systems?

How is IIoT important to digital transformation trends like AI, cloud adoption, or supply chain automation?

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Manufacturing IIoT at Giant Swarm

Do these platforms (our platform) help reduce costs? I'm sure they do, but how?

_Just gonna read this one - no idea to what I'm even saying here GO:_ How do we handle interoperability with existing factory systems like SCADA, PLCs, and MES platforms?

Where do you see the future of manufacturing heading with platforms like ours?

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


### Next Podcast

















